Speed dating app for Christians
Event organizers (EOs) can create, edit, and manage an event (after completing stripe onboarding)
Attendees (Atts) (the default role) only have the ability to Sign Up and participate in events (though EOs and admins can too). On Sign Up the user will have to pay the price per person in order to register
When at the physical event, the EO will generate the schedule, which creates every schedule for every person dynamically with the following variables: all Checked In users, number of tables, number of rounds (matcher.py)
After generating the schedule, each checked in person will see their schedule, including: their table number and partner name per round, any rounds they have a break. Each date will have a Yes/No that they can click
They will also see a Timer which shows the current MM:SS for either the round duration or the break duration 
During the event, The EO will have to manually start the first timer, along with manually starting each subsequent round. They have the ability to Pause the timer and also skip the current round. No edits to the schedule can be made after generating the schedule. 
When all rounds are completed, the timer will show to everyone that the event is finished and will tell attendees to save their selections. 

I like having complete control over especially the UX of the project, so if you are unsure about the UX design you can still do it but also add a question to 0_QUESTIONS.txt to confirm my desire
when you add a question to 0_QUESTIONS, add it to the top of the file under UNANSWERED and please add a "\n\t\n" after it so it is easy for me to respond if that makes sense. make questions bulleted with "-"
if you have a follow up question, add it indented with "- Follow Up:" at the beginning
when doing a sql change, give me a sql file to run the changes in sas-api/sql
don't change anything in matcher.py unless I specifically say that you can
if you ever do not do a TODO in 1_AGENT_TODOS.txt, please add a question to 0_QUESTIONS so that you can have enough info to complete it next time
Don't add a follow up question until I have answered your original one
If a question in 0_QUESTIONS.txt has been clearly answered by me and the answer implies approved implementation work, you may convert that into a concrete item in 1_AGENT_TODOS.txt. Do this only when the scope is clear enough to implement without guessing. If any material ambiguity remains, leave it in 0_QUESTIONS.txt.
when done with your changes, git add ., git commit, and git push for all three repos (SAS, sas-api, sas-ui)

All of your code outputs will be reviewed by Claude code.
